Interview Questions - decorator
	Q 1. What is a decorator in Python?
	Answer- Decorator function which takes other function as a input, add additional functionallities, and returns it.

	Q 2. Why do we need decorators — what problem do they solve?
	Answer- Python decorators are needed when you want to add extra behavior to an existing function without changing the function's original code.
	1. Code duplication → write common logic once
    2. Separation of concerns → keep extra logic separate from business logic
    3. Reusability → use the same behavior on many functions
    4. Maintainability → change the behavior in one place

	Q 3. Are functions "first-class objects" in Python? What does that mean, and why does it matter for decorators?
    Answer- Yes. Functions are first-class objects in Python. And this is one of the main reasons decorators are possible.
	1. What does "first-class object" mean?

    It means that a function can be treated like any other object/value in Python.
    For example, you can:
    Store a function in a variable
    Pass a function as an argument
    Return a function from another function
    Store functions in a list/dictionary
    This is what first-class means.

    Q 4. What is the basic syntax for applying a decorator using @?
	Answer- @decorator_name 
	        def function_name():
                # function code

	@decorator_name → applies the decorator
    function_name() → the original function
    The decorator adds extra behavior to the function


	Q 5. What does a decorator function typically return?
	Answer- A decorator typically returns a wrapper function that adds extra behavior around the original function.

	Q 6. What is the difference between calling decor(printer) manually vs using @decor above a function definition?
	Answer- There is essentially no difference in the final behavior. @decor is a cleaner, shorter syntax for applying the decorator.

	Q 7. Can you apply more than one decorator to a single function? What is the order of execution when you stack decorators 
	(e.g., @decor2 on top of @decor1)?
	Answer- Yes. You can apply multiple decorators to a single function. This is called decorator stacking.
	Decorators are applied from bottom to top, but they execute from top to bottom when the function is called.

	Q 8. What is a "closure" in Python, and how does it relate to how decorators work (the inner function remembering the outer 
	function's variable)?
	Answer- A closure is a function that remembers variables from its outer/enclosing function even after the outer function
	has finished executing.
    This is especially important for decorators because the inner wrapper() function needs to remember the original function 
	passed to the decorator.

	Q 9. Can the same decorator be reused on multiple different functions? Why is that useful?
	Answer- Yes, the same decorator can be reused on multiple functions. It is useful because it allows us to apply common 
	functionality such as logging, authentication, timing, or validation to many functions without repeating the same code.

	Q 10. What is the difference between modifying a function directly and using a decorator to add functionality to it?
	Answer- | Directly Modifying a Function                       | Using a Decorator                                   |
    | --------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
    | We change the original function's code.             | We do not change the original function's code.      |
    | Extra functionality is written inside the function. | Extra functionality is added through a wrapper.     |
    | Code may be repeated for multiple functions.        | The same decorator can be reused on many functions. |
    | Less reusable.                                      | Highly reusable.                                    |
    | Maintenance can become difficult.                   | Easier to maintain and manage.                      |


